Add endpoints for desktop and fleetctl to FAQ (#8247)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Deploying/FAQ.md

## What API endpoints should I expose to the public internet?

If you would like to manage hosts that can travel outside your VPN or intranet we recommend only exposing the `/api/v1/osquery` endpoint to the public internet.

> If you are using Fleet Desktop, we recommend exposing `/api/latest/fleet/device/*/desktop`. This minimal endpoint will only provide the number of failing policies. 

Reviewer: Should `/api/fleet/orbit/*` and`/api/fleet/device/ping` be on that line too?

Reviewer: Also, instead of saying we recommend exposing this for desktop, I would say if you want desktop to work over the internet this MUST be exposed.

> If you are using Fleet Desktop, we recommend exposing `/api/latest/fleet/device/*/desktop`. This minimal endpoint will only provide the number of failing policies. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Fleet Desktop and want it to work on remote devices, the bare minimum API to expose is `/api/latest/fleet/device/*/desktop`. This minimal endpoint will only provide the number of failing policies. 

For full Fleet Desktop functionality, `/api/fleet/orbit/*` and`/api/fleet/device/ping` must also be exposed.
```

Reviewer 2: These revisions look good to me, @ksatter. What do you think?
